Add support of ESMFold on HPU (#235)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/esm/README.md

Reviewer: Can we rename the example folder name from `esm` to `protein-folding` please? That way we are consistent with other example folder names (text-classification, speech-recognition,...) that are task names.

Author: sure. will change it soon.

<!---
Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# ESMFold Example

ESMFold ([paper link](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.07.20.500902v2)) is a recently released protein folding model from FAIR. Unlike other protein folding models, it does not require external databases or search tools to predict structures, and is up to 60X faster as a result.

> The port to the HuggingFace transformers library is even easier to use, as we've removed the dependency on tools like openfold - once you pip install transformers, you're ready to use this model!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The port to the Hugging Face Transformers library is even easier to use, as we've removed the dependency on tools like openfold - once you run `pip install transformers`, you're ready to use this model!
```

Author: will be fixed
